Date Tech Date Tech Karasuno Karasuno
Futakuchi!
Rolling...
Thunder!
Nice one, Nishinoya!
Nishinoya!
You're in the way!
Nice, Tanaka!
What'd you just say?
You were blocking the back row attacker's approach.
W-Was he?
I'm not sure.
Everyone's moving on their own, so I couldn't really tell.
Gotcha.
I didn't notice at all.
The fact that Kageyama realized it while they were playing and Nishinoya realized it after he was told is amazing.
I'm more amazed that he talked to Nishinoya like that...
You could've said it in a different way.
Like how?
The hell did you just say?
All right.
I'm gonna stop you right there.
Sorry about that.
I mean, Nishinoya under normal circumstances is one thing,
but complaining to Nishinoya while they're playing is a first.
Kageyama sure is something.
I'm not really sure what it is,
but he seems scarier than usual.
Clench your fists tight enough to leave marks
Now, go bask in the orange glow
!
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu !
Haikyuu
Sweating harder than ever has led us to the unknown territory of this high stage
The crowd's on their side and our chances are slim, so we could just skip out
But if the fear of getting hurt is keeping your wings in check
You may as well be a stuffed bird
If a person tries to live their life without getting a taste of their dreams and passions
They'll be torn by the heartbreak
But our goosebumps just won't go away
Our very souls are burning bright Beyond our limits
Awaits a land Of thrilling competition
Unleash everything you've got
Winning or losing doesn't even seem to matter
When you're in the zone and everything flows
In glorious slow-motion Now, go all-out!
Date Tech Date Tech Karasuno Karasuno
Episode Seven: Return Episode Seven: Return
Episode Seven: Return
I touched it!
Their blocking is on-point today!
Yeah.
They've been pumped ever since they heard that they were going up against Karasuno!
Even just a few days ago, they'd get distracted by the spikers on the sides and spread out more,
but they're holding their ground in the middle.
Nice!
Nice spike!
That should've been a good one.
The same as usual.
What?
I landed the spike.
If you have something to say, just say it.
You know full well you'd start fighting if he said it.
Or rather, if you actually think Kageyama can effectively put anything into words, you're gravely mistaken!
Exactly.
But I mean...
He always has an issue with tone or saying something unnecessary,
so it's weird that he isn't say anything.
Kageyama!
Got it!
Tanaka!
He really is like a machine.
It's not like he had stable footing,
and yet he managed a set that's not too high, not too low, not too far, and not too close.
How much has this guy practiced?
I'm getting emotional!
Damn it! Sorry!
I'm sorry!
Don't worry about it!
Maybe they're too worried about getting blocked.
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Date Tech!
'Scuse us!
We came to cheer on our precious little juniors!
We'll be watching from up top, so we won't get in the way.
Hey! You're at another school!
Oh, it's fine.
Sorry about this.
You guys had better not lose!
Show them what Date tradition really is!
The Iron Wall of Date
Go, go, let's go! Let's go, Date Tech!
The Iron Wall of Date Thanks! We'll do our best!
They must have a lot of time on their hands.
What'd you say, Futakuchi?! We can hear you up here!
Come on! Make sure we can hear you!
Let's get more excited when we score a point!
Futakuchi... Look at you, acting like a leader.
Let's apply pressure on our opponents in various ways!
Let's crack their spirits just enough that the refs don't notice!
If you can't pull it off in practice, you can't pull it off in a match either!
Way to go, Futakuchi!
You big jerk!
Shut up, Kamasaki!
It's great that Date Tech seems to be having fun...
Sorry!
Date Tech Date Tech Karasuno Karasuno
Karasuno seems off their game.
Yeah.
We might actually win.
A quick—
Damn!
Nice spike!
You should've tried to block again.
You totally could've jumped again.
I'm pretty sure he realizes that already.
Oh, what are we so irritated for?
Did the widdle King miss his nappy-nap today?
What?
Hey!
Tsukishima doesn't usually have a problem listening to others,
but apparently that's not the case with Kageyama.
Yeah, it's not exactly logical. They just irritate each other.
Talk about a sour mood.
Should we call for a timeout?
Nah.
It's fine.
Daichi!
It's out!
Man, Asahi can't catch a break today. What's wrong?
Damn it!
Sorry, that was a really good set.
Then score the damn point.
Haikyuu!!
Date Tech Date Tech Karasuno Karasuno
So, hey, Kageyama. There's something I wanna try—
I...
I know my sets are good!
So please, score more often!
Look at that. It's the return of the King.
Move faster!
Jump higher!
Keep up with my sets if you wanna win!
I'm sor—
I've been thinking...
What's wrong with him being the King again?
Is it because he's too bossy?
Because he's too self-centered?
I mean, either way,
no matter what Kageyama says, if I don't like it, I'm just not gonna listen to him.
No matter what he says, I'm not gonna listen if I don't like his tone.
What he said.
Yet I still see Tanaka listening if it's addressed to him.
He's just strict when it comes to how his teammates are addressed.
Yeah.
I mean, I wouldn't mind if you'd speak nicer to me.
So no one really cares if you're the King or not.
I mean, the King is supposed to be cool.
Nothing beats a set that's easy for the spiker to hit.
And you find out what that is by communicating with your teammates.
But that doesn't mean you can't fight.
Are you really giving Shorty the kind of set he wants?
Have you even tried to?
How was that set, damn it?
I think I could hit it faster.
Got it.
You're a Goody Two-Shoes, aren't ya?
Uh... Sorry about that, Kageyama.
I've been trying to time my hits so they don't match their blocks,
but it just hasn't been working against Date Tech.
Your sets are great, though.
So keep doing what you're doing.
I'm probably gonna get caught by their blocks again, so I'll just apologize now.
My bad.
And I'm not gonna give up trying for that super sharp cut shot.
I mean, especially because we're practicing against Date Tech.
If you don't like it, that's your problem.
I can't make any promises.
Bring it on!
Karasuno Karasuno Date Tech Date Tech
We're starting the second set!
Are they fighting?
I mean, it's not like you fight because someone tells you to.
But you know...
If Kageyama's starting to say what he wants to say, what about vice versa?
Kageyama's talent is extraordinary,
so the others might not know how to nitpick when it comes to him.
Hey! You're not attacking the middle that much today!
You scared, Kageyama?!
What?!
Go down the middle more!
Actually, yeah. Compared to all the other matches...
He's going there less.
I guess we do have someone who nitpicks.
Nice save!
Let's experiment with one and a half ball widths...
That little...
They didn't sync up.
Karasuno Karasuno Date Tech Date Tech
Are they really going to be okay like that?
Not like I actually care, though.
I guess even Kageyama messes up sometimes.
Hey.
I'm not gonna stoop down to your level.
Oh, I see.
That's perfectly fine with me.
Kageyama does worry quite a bit at times.
It's not like he was saying anything that weird earlier.
Maybe he's still worried about what happened in junior high.
He doesn't seem like the type to dwell on the past.
People dwell on different things.
And for Kageyama, the thing that happened in junior high must weigh pretty heavy on him.
I mean, I don't know the details, but one thing's for certain.
Kageyama realizes that there's a chance he might be wrong.
And I think his teammates in junior high made him realize that after butting heads.
Karasuno Karasuno Date Tech Date Tech
I touched it!
Here's our chance!
He jumped!
Kageyama's been adjusting to accommodate the spikers' bad habits.
But now, he's decided to force them to hit from a higher contact point instead.
So close!
But that sure was high!
Karasuno Karasuno Date Tech Date Tech
So you can fly.
Way to look smug, Kageyama.
Tsukki, calm down! Stay serene!
Kageyama, stop egging Tsukki on!
Shut up, Yamaguchi.
"The setter's the coolest position of all because it makes you the ruler!"
The setter is the team's playmaker!
The setter is the one who has the most contact with the ball!
It's the coolest position of all because it makes you the ruler!
We're not just gonna forget that you said all that.
No matter how much you try to act like a nice little boy,
you're a king deep down inside!
Prepare yourself.
From this day on you shall be known as...
the new King of the Court!
Looks like he got over it.
I don't really know how others feel,
and apparently, I'm not the best with words.
We know, duh.
You just realized?
But...
I'll do everything I can to become the best setter.
You're saying that now?
You've always been that.
Aw, apparently the King is a sweet widdle baby boy!
Come on, Tsukishima. Grow up.
Wow, Hinata just said that.
You're still mad about earlier, huh?
You should've guessed that.
Guess read blocking!
Stop confusing things.
I can be a Goody Two-Shoes here...
It's normal not to know what others are thinking.
I mean, thinking about it is important, but I don't think it's absolutely necessary when playing.
You need to know the current state of the match and your teammates' conditions.
Hey, they're starting to sync up way better.
Nice spike, Tsukki!
Date Tech Date Tech Karasuno Karasuno
The longer Date Tech plays against us, the better their blocks get.
If my contact point was any lower, I would've been completely blocked.
Tsukishima's already huge, so I never thought his contact point was low,
but I guess he's able to hit even higher.
I knew it!
Though he looks like he's having a hard time.
When Kogane... Er, when Date Tech's setter was setting for him, he was hitting the ball about that high.
I see...
Tsukishima hits the ball really compact, like, "fablam"!
Both his approach and his swing are tight.
The middle blocker is all about fast attacks, so I guess that happens often.
The setter usually keeps that speed in mind and sets lower too.
But Kogane would end up setting too high a lot.
Sorry!
So during the camp, Tsukishima naturally...
Actually, he didn't have a choice.
It seemed like he was trying to match up with Kogane.
Oh... He must've been watching pretty intently.
Wow, that's some growth.
Yeah.
Kageyama's super amazing for being able to bring that out.
I'm not gonna let Tsukishima beat me in height either.
Er... I meant you too.
All right!
Nice spike!
Keep 'em comin'!
No.
Tanaka, you're getting sloppy.
If you're tired, we can sub you out.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure that Kageyama thought he was looking out for me when he said that.
I get it.
I do.
But... You're not subbing me out, dumbass!
However, I do admit that I fumbled that last hit!
Wow, he's being honest.
Good boy.
Tanaka's not exactly exhausted, so we should use this chance to experiment with how to deal with this situation.
Even in a real match, we sub people out for a greater advantage,
rather than to cover our weaknesses, right?
All right.
In that case, I'll send fewer balls his way and keep an eye on his condition.
Could you just do that a bit more nonchalantly?
It's not like I'm going to agree with you saying that.
Nonchalantly?
I'll give it a try!
Hey, in my case, I'd prefer if you told me.
I'd be more shocked if I quietly realized you were setting less to me.
Jeez, you're a pain.
Nonchalantly Teammates' condition Tell me
How others feel The state of the match
I'll do my best, but I can't make any promises.
That's fine. You don't need to spoil me.
They're constantly evolving.
But that evolution might not always be positive.
However...
as long as we have these second- and third-years, I think we'll be okay.
The third-years always talk about how much they appreciate good first-years joining the team,
but I guess it's the same deal for Kageyama.
Yeah.
Nice!
Kageyama!
Left!
Is it a bit too close to the net?
Gotta reset...
Sorry!
You don't need to apologize there, Asahi!
Oh, uh, sorry.
We should've been able to back you up.
Er, uh, sorry.
It's sorta funny seeing him get yelled at for apologizing.
Also, that's rare for Tanaka.
Ryuu's heated up too.
I feel like he stole one of my lines.
Are we just ignoring the fact that Kageyama's set was off?!
Sorry!
I don't know what's going on, but Karasuno doesn't seem to be playing their best today.
Gonna crush them!
Asahi!
Right!
Hinata, finish it off!
Crap, it's short!
Yeah!
My bad, Hinata!
Throw the opponent off guard with the serve,
then finish them off with a block.
They've got the perfect serve and block.
Karasuno Karasuno Date Tech Date Tech Right now,
Date Tech's most noticeable server is their new captain.
But if they end up with any more good servers,
The Iron Wall of Date
they might just become untouchable.
It's...
...out.
That was close, Aone!
Next year,
our most troublesome opponent may end up being...
Date Tech.
So what if the pressure's on?
I don't need any help from on high
So what if I'm an egotist?
I just want to win, I don't have a reason why
I'll take on every challenge
I'll throw off any shadows of doubt
This is my chance to overcome my limits
I've gone all-out Conquered my fears
Turned them into conviction
Now fly high, higher, higher, to the top
Being so torn at the taste of defeat
Shed the tears that let our potential flower
If you try to give up, I'll just laugh it off
I don't know the meaning of the phrase
If you say it's too hard, I'll just laugh it off
Episode Eight: Challenger Episode Eight: Challenger
Episode Eight: Challenger Next time: "Challenger."